Update UUID reference (#633)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-3-structures-3-meaning.md

A globally-unique identifier of the superstructure,
to be preserved across edits.
If a globally-unique identifier for the record already exists, it should be used without modification, not even whitespace or letter case normalization.

> New globally unique identifiers should be created and formatted using the UUID

Author: ```suggestion
It is recommended that new globally unique identifiers be created and formatted using the UUID
```
